pages/research.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Research
description: Blue Ham's research
---



<!-- 
#### <u>The effects of increased eye contact on feeding portions</u>
*In this paper I estimate the effect of increased eye contact on the size of feeding portions delivered by my humans. Over a period of several months I varied the amount of time I spent in locked eye contact with my masters while secretely recording the total amount of food provided each day. The results incidate that the relationship between eye contact and portion size is concave, in that as eye contact increases, the portion size increases up until a point where it begins to decrease. Future research will examine whether time spent cuddling exhibits a similar relationship.*

[click here for the most recent version of the paper]({{ BASE_PATH}}/pages/working_papers/sample-working-paper.pdf)
-->

<!-- Note: this is how to write a comment in HTML. Everything in here won't show up on your webpage.-->

<!--
To increase the size of the title, use fewer # in front of the paper title.
To decrease the size of the title, use more #. 
To remove the italics, remove the * before and after the description
To remove the underline from the title, remove the <u> tags (<u> and </u>)
-->

Commit message:

added new paper and updated CV

pages/research.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Research
description: Blue Ham's research
---


+ **September-December 2022:** Visiting researcher in multivariate extremes at Colorado State University under the supervision of [Dan Cooley](https://www.stat.colostate.edu/~cooleyd/){:target="_blank"}. 
+ **September 2022:** Submitted an article entitled *Statistical inference for multivariate extremes via a geometric approach* to a top journal. The main author of this paper was Jennifer L. Wadsworth, my PhD supervisor. My main contributions came in Sections 3 and 6. Link to preprint [here](https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.14951){:target="_blank"}.

<!-- 
#### <u>The effects of increased eye contact on feeding portions</u>
*In this paper I estimate the effect of increased eye contact on the size of feeding portions delivered by my humans. Over a period of several months I varied the amount of time I spent in locked eye contact with my masters while secretely recording the total amount of food provided each day. The results incidate that the relationship between eye contact and portion size is concave, in that as eye contact increases, the portion size increases up until a point where it begins to decrease. Future research will examine whether time spent cuddling exhibits a similar relationship.*

[click here for the most recent version of the paper]({{ BASE_PATH}}/pages/working_papers/sample-working-paper.pdf)
-->

<!-- Note: this is how to write a comment in HTML. Everything in here won't show up on your webpage.-->

<!--
To increase the size of the title, use fewer # in front of the paper title.
To decrease the size of the title, use more #. 
To remove the italics, remove the * before and after the description
To remove the underline from the title, remove the <u> tags (<u> and </u>)
-->
